src/components/course-modules/102/Docs1024.mdx, before:

# How to lock tokens at a contract address

Locking tokens in a contract address is very similar to sending a transaction to any wallet address, with one key difference:

### When sending a transaction to a contract address, we must include DATUM in the tx-out.

<br />
---

## What is Datum?
Datum is information that can be included in a UTxO. When you `query utxo` for a address with `cardano-cli`, you can see whether each UTxO includes datum. Watch the video above to see how.

You will use datum in a variety of ways throughout this course. For now, watch the video above for a quick overview, and look at the `transaction build` below to see how to include datum in a `tx-out`.

<br />
---

## Which Always Succeeds will you use?
- Before you build a locking Tx, decide which "Always Succeeds" contract to use. You can use any of the [Always Succeeds contracts that were built in Module 101, as summarized here](/modules/101/summary).
- After you decide which Always Succeeds scripts to use, build the address for that Plutus script, as shown in [Lessson 102.2](/modules/102/1022).

<br />
---

## Set Variables:
```bash
SENDER_ADDRESS=
SENDER_KEY=
CONTRACT_ADDRESS=
UTXO_IN=
LOVELACE_TO_LOCK=
```

<br />
---

## Build, Sign and Submit Transaction:
```bash
cardano-cli transaction build \
--babbage-era \
--testnet-magic 1 \
--tx-in $UTXO_IN \
--tx-out $CONTRACT_ADDRESS+$LOVELACE_TO_LOCK \
--tx-out-inline-datum-value 1618 \
--change-address $SENDER_ADDRESS \
--out-file lock-always-succeeds.raw

cardano-cli transaction sign \
--signing-key-file $SENDER_KEY \
--testnet-magic 1 \
--tx-body-file lock-always-succeeds.raw \
--out-file lock-always-succeeds.signed

cardano-cli transaction submit \
--tx-file lock-always-succeeds.signed \
--testnet-magic 1
```

import MDXLessonLayout from "@/src/components/lms/Lesson/MDXLessonLayout.tsx";
export default ({ children }) => <MDXLessonLayout>{children}</MDXLessonLayout>;

Commit message:

Module 102 fully drafted. Videos and copy edits next

src/components/course-modules/102/Docs1024.mdx, after:

# How to lock tokens at a contract address

## What is Datum?
Datum is information that can be included in a UTxO. When you `query utxo` for a address with `cardano-cli`, you can see whether each UTxO includes datum. Watch the video above to see how.

You will use datum in a variety of ways throughout this course. For now, watch the video above for a quick overview, and look at the `transaction build` below to see how to include datum in a `tx-out`.

<br />
---

## Which Always Succeeds will you use?
- Before you build a locking Tx, decide which "Always Succeeds" contract to use. You can use any of the [Always Succeeds contracts that were built in Module 101, as summarized here](/modules/101/summary).
- After you decide which Always Succeeds scripts to use, build the address for that Plutus script, as shown in [Lessson 102.2](/modules/102/1022).

<br />
---

## Set Variables:
```bash
SENDER_ADDRESS=
SENDER_KEY=
CONTRACT_ADDRESS=
UTXO_IN=
LOVELACE_TO_LOCK=
```

<br />
---

## Build, Sign and Submit Transaction:
```bash
cardano-cli transaction build \
--babbage-era \
--testnet-magic 1 \
--tx-in $UTXO_IN \
--tx-out $CONTRACT_ADDRESS+$LOVELACE_TO_LOCK \
--tx-out-inline-datum-value 1618 \
--change-address $SENDER_ADDRESS \
--out-file lock-always-succeeds.raw

cardano-cli transaction sign \
--signing-key-file $SENDER_KEY \
--testnet-magic 1 \
--tx-body-file lock-always-succeeds.raw \
--out-file lock-always-succeeds.signed

cardano-cli transaction submit \
--tx-file lock-always-succeeds.signed \
--testnet-magic 1
```

<br />
---

## Next

In Lesson 102.5, you will learn how to unlock tokens from the Always Succeeds contract address.

import MDXLessonLayout from "@/src/components/lms/Lesson/MDXLessonLayout.tsx";
export default ({ children }) => <MDXLessonLayout>{children}</MDXLessonLayout>;
