src/components/course-modules/101/Docs1013.mdx, before:

# How to use Demeter.run to compile an Always Succeeds script from PlutusTx

## Step by Step
Each step is briefly demonstrated in the video above. If you get stuck, be sure to ask for help [at Live Coding](/live-coding) or [on Gimbalabs Discord](https://discord.gg/Va7DXqSSn8)
1. Create a free account at [demeter.run](https://demeter.run)
2. Start a project with the [PPBL 2023 Plutus Template](https://gitlab.com/gimbalabs/ppbl-2023/ppbl2023-plutus-template)
3. Open Visual Studio Code in the browser
4. Run `cabal update`
5. Run `cabal repl`
6. Create an `/output` directory
7. In the repl, run `writeAlwaysSucceedsScript`


## Keep Exploring:
- Review [this Plutus Pioneers lecture that introduces Demeter.run](https://iog-academy.gitbook.io/plutus-pioneers-program-fourth-cohort/lectures/lecture-01/lesson-01)
- Try to run one of the other [Starter Kits on Demeter.run](https://demeter.run/starter-kits).

import MDXLessonLayout from "@/src/components/lms/Lesson/MDXLessonLayout.tsx";
export default ({ children }) => <MDXLessonLayout>{children}</MDXLessonLayout>;

Commit message:

note to pause demeter workspace

src/components/course-modules/101/Docs1013.mdx, after:

# How to use Demeter.run to compile an Always Succeeds script from PlutusTx

## Step by Step
Each step is briefly demonstrated in the video above. If you get stuck, be sure to ask for help [at Live Coding](/live-coding) or [on Gimbalabs Discord](https://discord.gg/Va7DXqSSn8)
1. Create a free account at [demeter.run](https://demeter.run)
2. Start a project with the [PPBL 2023 Plutus Template](https://gitlab.com/gimbalabs/ppbl-2023/ppbl2023-plutus-template)
3. Open Visual Studio Code in the browser
4. Run `cabal update`
5. Run `cabal repl`
6. Create an `/output` directory
7. In the repl, run `writeAlwaysSucceedsScript`

**Note:** Always pause your workspace when you are done, otherwise resources are still being consumed. [See this reference.](https://youtu.be/-cmIqKCzzOU?t=434)


## Keep Exploring:
- Review [this Plutus Pioneers lecture that introduces Demeter.run](https://iog-academy.gitbook.io/plutus-pioneers-program-fourth-cohort/lectures/lecture-01/lesson-01)
- Try to run one of the other [Starter Kits on Demeter.run](https://demeter.run/starter-kits).

import MDXLessonLayout from "@/src/components/lms/Lesson/MDXLessonLayout.tsx";
export default ({ children }) => <MDXLessonLayout>{children}</MDXLessonLayout>;
